okay so we're going to go over it out
how to set up your workspace this is
where you're actually going to be
working out of where you're going to put
your files into in order to upload them
download things from the repository so
go to your udk folder delete the
development folder entirely
go into the UT game folder delete config
localization movies script and / that's
because these are the folders that we're
going to be pulling down off the
repository so right click on your udk
folder and get the URL of the e
repository that you're using and copy
that from our other location and put
that in the top field there then make
sure your check out directory is the
same as the core udk folder that you are
using our case it's that one right there
and it asks you if you want to make sure
that it's empty say yes this one's going
to go a lot faster because so basically
what we've done at this point is we've
kept all of the folders and files that
are not on the repository the same on
our computer and pulled down these other
ones okay now you notice all of the ones
that we got from the repository are
marked with a check mark so all of the
folders and files they do not have a
check mark we're going to add to an
ignore list these folders and files will
not be committed to the repository
and as soon as we've gone through and
added everything that we will not be
committing to the repository to the nor
list then we are all set
you